hello everyone it's elena and i'm back
with another video and today we're going
to be packing for university because it
is time
now it is actually the first time that
i'm going to study in my home country
which is germany
and so i am not bound by any kilogram
limits for luggage by airlines
instead i can just put all of my stuff
in a car and go to reagan's work
and that's why i already have a big plan
of you know
how much stuff i want to bring because i
can
because dobby is a free elf now but um
i feel like it's a lot of stuff and
we're gonna see so i've made myself the
promise of these two suitcases being for
things that i
really need to bring okay things that
elena actually
needs and then i have this other bag
here
which is for things elena wants but
doesn't need
um so you know things like a massive
book collection of books that i think i
could read while reagan's work and stuff
like that
um so yeah the plan is we're gonna fill
up these two first and then we're going
to take a look at you know what
can i bring that i just want to bring
now i'm not going to be packing things
like for example folders and other
essentials for studying
simply because we have an orientation
program so i have some time before i
start my classes
and so i can just order all of that
online and have a trip to me in
regensburg
which is more convenient than carry it
all to rigginsburg from my hometown
so yeah the plan now is pack these two
and then the black bag so yeah let's do
it
[Music]
step one of packing is always getting up
my agenda and taking a look at my
packing list
now my packing list is a list that i use
for two day trips or for things like
moving to university because it pretty
much contains all the basics and you
just need to adjust of how much you take
from different things
so i find it super useful to just have a
list like that because then you never
need to worry about
forgetting something important because
you have all that noted down
and you know as the years go by you can
add things to the list so that you
always have everything that you need
and then i just take out all the things
from the list and put them onto my bed
because then i can see how much i really
have
and i think that just helps assess
whether you know you need to put
something away just because you have too
many things
and whenever there's something i can't
put in just yet i just write it on an
orange post it and keep that in my
agenda so that i can put it in
shortly before i leave because some
things you just can't put in yet
but most of the things i could already
take out and this is what my bed ended
up looking like
as you can tell it is quite full so i
thought i'd just give you guys a little
tour of all the different things that i
took out and then i'm planning to bring
to university
so let's start with an absolute
necessity which is shampoo and
conditioner and that brings
us to the sponsor of today's video which
is function of beauty
function of beauty is a hair brand which
offers you absolute customization
so as you can already tell from the
bottle it is completely tailored towards
you
and you choose everything that you want
there are 18 hair
goals from which you can choose and then
they will create a shampoo that was made
exactly for you
so you just fill out a questionnaire on
their website pick what you want to
achieve
with your product and you can also
choose the color which is something
i as a pink fan really it and then you
get your product
personally one thing that i wanted to
get out of it was to have my curls be
more defined and i think the product
really did that
so thank you so much to function of
beauty and they also send you stickers
with every order which i think is just
very very cute
and all of their products are vegan gmo
and toxin free and they have no parabens
or sulfates and of course they are
cruelty free
they also have hair masks which are just
amazing leave-in treatments
and they are more than just shampoo and
conditioner you can also get a body
lotion from them
or an amazing body wash which is super
hydrating which i very much appreciate
with my dry skin
and of course you can also customize
these with stickers because every order
comes with stickers
now as you may realize these have a cap
and the other ones had pumps
now actually all of the bottles come
with caps and pumps
and you can just put on whatever you
like best personally i just like to put
on the pumps once i'm at
university so for transport i will be
putting the caps back onto the shampoo
and conditioner just because it's a lot
easier to travel with the caps on
but once i'm at university i will be
putting the pumps back on because they
are just so much more convenient when
you have two products in your shower
if you guys would like to give function
of beauty a try you can get 20 off with
the link that i put in the description
box below
they are amazing and the great thing is
you can change up your products as the
seasons change so that you always give
your hair what it needs
which is really exactly what we're
looking for because our hair has
different needs during the year
so yeah that's it from the sponsorship
and let's get back to the video
so aside from my conditioner and shampoo
i also of course brought some jewelry
because i love accessorizing
so i just brought some different
earrings and then of course
also you know a few necklaces stuff like
that that just works with a lot of
different outfits
and just makes everything look a little
bit more put together and then of course
you know some typical student essentials
because
we need those too and of course my
backpack because otherwise i cannot
survive in law school
and then some hair bands because they
look cute and they keep your hair out of
the way in the library which is
important
now i said i'm not bringing any folders
but there is one pink folder here
and that folder is actually already
filled and that is just all the
paperwork that i have for my youtube
channel because you need to keep track
of it
so i will be taking that one simply
because i need an overview of what's
going on behind the scenes
and so i bring that one of course here's
my agenda
everything that i need to pack and next
to it we have two dresses that i just
pretty much wear all the time and then
some hairspray for these bad hair days
and of course lots and lots of pens
because we need to take notes
and then i'm also bringing this flash
card box because i studied chinese over
the summer and i don't want to lose
everything that i learned so i just want
to keep revising and learning a little
bit more
so that's kind of a goal of mine and
then this weird looking thing is
actually a bag it just has a little
protective back over it
and then right behind that is just some
winter stuff you know for the cold days
and then lots of jackets and blazers
because i think they can just you know
style up any outfit
a few skirts and of course a sleeping
mask because a girl needs a beauty sleep
and then this bag is actually my bag of
medicine
it's kind of huge looking but it's not
that big actually
and then here we have a ton of perfume
testers i am not proud of having
accumulated that many and i don't really
know how i did it
but i have sworn to myself i am not
buying any new perfume until i've used
these up
so that's why i'm bringing them and then
right under that we have a few face
masks because of course we need to help
protect others
so i just bring a few that are reusable
and then i also have a few which are one
used just in case that i run out of my
reusable ones in case i forgot to wash
them
and then lots of shirts and a few more
jackets
and then also a few beauty products that
i just bought in advance so that i don't
need to look for them while i'm in
regensburg
i usually do that just because then you
know i don't have to search for a store
while i'm there which is
sometimes a hustle so i just like to do
that and yeah
that's what my bed looks like so time to
somehow try to fit that into two
suitcases
honestly it's not as bad as i thought so
i think this is gonna fit quite well
but yeah we're gonna see so here's me
packing everything into these two
suitcases
i usually start out with a layer of
clothes just so that whatever i put on
next will have
kind of like you know a fluffy
underground so that it won't break or
anything
and then i just put things on top and
try to get as much into the suitcase as
i can
and honestly it was actually going
pretty well so the first suitcase i made
it almost full but also not entirely and
then i just got to the second one
and put in a few beauty products all of
my pens and also of course a few clothes
but generally it wasn't as full as i had
thought and then i
also packed up all my jewelry into a
small bag just so that it's protected
and
won't break while i'm traveling and yeah
then the suitcases were pretty much
packed already
so here you can see the first one which
has gotten quite full but
i think you could still stuff a few
things in there and then the second one
which is rather empty in comparison
though also kind of full of course and
yeah
those are the suitcases for now so let's
get to the optional bag of books
and we made it to the final stage of
this packing video which is packing my
optional bag
which is probably just going to be books
like let's be real um
so i showed you this earlier um but i
just thought i'd explain a little bit
because
some of you guys may wonder why some of
my suitcases look kind of empty
um not that empty to be honest but yeah
you get the point
um so i have my packing list in my
agenda because i pretty much have my
entire life in here
um and anything that i can't pack yet
because i still need it like for example
my laptop or my makeup bag and stuff
i just write it on post-its and then
like the evening before i leave
sometimes even the morning before i
leave
i just take all these post-its and then
i just put everything that's still on
there
into the suitcases so you know things
like for example my winter jacket still
needs to go in there
but also things you know for basic
survival like cups
forks knives things like that
so they will be filled and i think there
will probably be another bag
which is fine because we're going over
with a car
i also realized i forgot to tell you
guys about two essentials but i think
they should be included
just in case anyone uses this video for
reference which i would not recommend
because you probably don't need that
many clothes
but i bring them anyway and i do it
every year and i regret it every year
and but these two things you probably
should bring so one is
um just really a collection of my
medical history which is very boring
um but that's really important
especially when you're going to a new
city where you don't have a doctor who
already knows you because if you ever
need anything
you can just put that on the table and
be like that's everything i know about
my medical conditions
and that is so helpful for your doctor
so just keep these collected
and then the other thing that i'm
bringing is literally just a collection
of documents that i need for moving to
regensport as an exchange student
so that i have them already and that i
will hopefully get the keys to my dorm
and
that they will think i am the right
person and that i will get to
matriculate because
otherwise we have a problem so yeah now
let's get to the fun part which is
packing books
honestly i don't really have a plan i'm
just planning to bring them all
um my cousin who's coming over to help
me move
probably already hates me at this point
um
because she is foreseeing this problem
but
you know what she doesn't get to choose
her family because
i will always be related to her so
eventually she will forgive me
hopefully before i have to move back
home because i need her to help me move
back
um but yeah we're pretty much bringing
everything except for this
this is the book that i wrote in my free
time we do not need to read that trash
now i have read some of the books which
are here but
i think i'm just going to bring them all
anyway unless there's one where like i
really don't need to bring you
um but probably for most of them that
won't be the case
but i am also bringing some which i've
already read because i am planning to do
a book giveaway i've already promised
that to people and yes i will live up to
it
um but i do need to get a p.o box and
reagan's work first so that i have a
return address
and then i can send you guys some books
which will hopefully be fun
so yeah let's pack up some books and
hope that the space is enough i think it
will be well enough
and yeah let's see how my cousin is
going to react to this next week
[Music]
and we made it um now i kind of
underestimated how many books i had
under this shelf thingy here because
it looks so small and so i just thought
oh it's not
much and now that this entire bag here
is full
and like i cannot really lift it much i
realized
it's a lot um so i'm going to go
over the books in this bag and i am only
going to keep around like
50 in it maybe a little less even
because right now this is way too much
okay
i really underestimated how many books i
have under here so
i'm gonna go through this take a few out
but then we're pretty much ready to roll
basically we just have to put in like
all the stuff from the post-its in my
agenda
but that i can only do like a few hours
before i leave um but i've written that
we're doing pretty well if you guys want
to see me move to reagan's work and my
cousin probably starting to hate me for
bringing all of these things
then watch next week's video where i
will be vlogging all of that
and yeah for now i'm just really excited
to move to university start the student
lifestyle again
and also just you know see my dorm room
and give it a little transformation it's
one of my favorite parts of moving into
university like decorating my dorm room
i always
love doing that so yeah i'm really
excited for it um i hope you guys are
excited too
and that you enjoyed this video thank
you so much for watching have a nice day
[Music]
bye
you